Update ERC-7562: editorial pass for grammar, clarity, and consistency (#1911)
ethereum/ERCs: ERCS/erc-7562.md

## Abstract

> This document describes the validation rules that Account Abstraction protocols must follow for transactions such as an [ERC-4337](./eip-4337) `UserOperation`, alongside the rationale for each rule. Block builders and standalone bundlers enforce these rules off-chain.

Author: ```suggestion
This document describes the validation rules that [ERC-4337](./eip-4337) Account Abstraction protocol participants must follow for user transactions represented as `UserOperation` structs, alongside the rationale for each rule. Block builders and standalone bundlers enforce these rules off-chain.
```

However, preserving network decentralization requires one fundamental rule: once admitted to the mempool, a transaction must guarantee fee payment to prevent denial-of-service (DoS) attacks.

The EOA model implicitly follows this rule. A valid transaction cannot become invalid without the account paying fees. For instance, the account's balance can only be reduced by a higher-paying transaction.

This property ensures network sustainability. An attack involving a massive influx of transactions is economically prohibitive, as costs escalate with network congestion. While legitimate users can delay operations to avoid high fees, an attacker must pay increasingly exorbitant amounts to maintain the congestion.

To replicate this incentive structure in Account Abstraction systems, we propose a set of transaction validation rules.
These rules only apply to the validation phase of Account Abstraction transactions, not their entire executed code path.

For the interfaces of these contract-based accounts, see [ERC-4337](./eip-4337).

This document uses the term "UserOperation" for a transaction created by a smart contract account, following ERC-4337 terminology.

> However, the rules apply to any Account Abstraction framework that uses EVM code to perform transaction validation in a public mempool, and that treats validation and execution as distinct: validation determines whether the operation is eligible for inclusion at the protocol level, while execution covers the on-chain execution and gas payment.

Author: ```suggestion
Notably, many of these rules can also be applicable in any other Account Abstraction framework that uses EVM code to perform transaction validation in a public mempool, and that treats validation and execution as distinct components of a transaction.
```

* Access to an address without deployed code is forbidden:
    * **[OP-041]** For `EXTCODE*` and `*CALL` opcodes.
    * **[OP-042]** Exception: access to the "sender" address is allowed.
      This is only possible in `factory` code during the deployment frame.
* Allowed access to the `EntryPoint` address:
    * **[OP-051]** May call `EXTCODESIZE ISZERO`.
      This pattern is used to check that the destination has code before the `depositTo` function is called.
    * **[OP-052]** May call `depositTo(sender)` with any value from either the `sender` or the `factory`.
    * **[OP-053]** May call the fallback function from the `sender` with any value.
    * **[OP-054]** Any other access to the `EntryPoint`, whether via `*CALL` or `EXT*` opcodes, is forbidden.
    * **[OP-055]** May call `incrementNonce()` from the `sender`.
* `*CALL` opcodes:
    * **[OP-061]** `CALL` with `value` is forbidden. The only exception is a call to the `EntryPoint` described above.
    * **[OP-062]** Precompiles:
        * Only known, accepted precompiles on the network that do not access anything in the blockchain state or environment are allowed.
        * The core precompiles `0x1`–`0x11`.

>         * The `P256VERIFY` secp256r1 precompile defined in [EIP-7951](./eip-7951), on networks that have adopted it.

Author: ```suggestion
        * The `P256VERIFY` secp256r1 precompile defined in [EIP-7951](./eip-7951).
```

* **[EREP-030]** If a staked account is used, its reputation is updated based on failures of other entities, such as a `paymaster` or `aggregator`, even if they are staked.
* **[EREP-040]** An `aggregator` must be staked, regardless of storage usage.
* **[EREP-050]** An unstaked `paymaster` may not return a `context`.
* **[EREP-055]** A `context`'s size may not change between validation and bundle creation.
    If bundle creation reverts and a paymaster's context size was modified, that paymaster
    is `BANNED`, regardless of whether the `UserOperation` that reverted used that paymaster or not.
* Staked factory creation rules:
  * **[EREP-060]** If the factory is staked, either the factory itself or the sender may use the `CREATE2` and `CREATE` opcodes.
    The sender is allowed to use `CREATE` with an unstaked factory as well, per OP-032.
  * **[EREP-061]** A staked factory may also use a utility contract that calls the `CREATE` opcode.
* **[EREP-070]** During bundle creation, if a staked entity reduces its validation gas by more than 10%
    compared to the second validation, that entity is throttled, even if the UserOperation itself did not revert

>     (since this might affect the gas calculation defined by [EIP-7623](./eip-7623)).

Author: ```suggestion
    compared to the second validation, that entity is throttled, even if the UserOperation itself did not revert, since this might affect the gas calculation defined by [EIP-7623](./eip-7623).
```
